Oh! This isn't the cargo hold.
Oh, hi, Sonic.
How's it goin', Cosmo?
Huh?
[Grunt] That's the last one!
I've been meaning to ask you...
What's the point of having
these artificial palm trees?
It's not exactly tropical
out here in space.
Yeah, I know.
But it's all because
of your grandfather.
Chuck once told me that it's
important to make a ship
like home to keep up
the crew's morale.
Really? His ideas
sure are original.
Hi, Amy. Watch this
stuff for me, will ya?
Wait, Sonic!
Uh... Do you think Shadow is okay?
[Grunting]
Don't worry. He's always
making a comeback.
Hey! What should I
do with this stuff?
Ohh.
[Grunting]
It's lucky for us you can
control the Master Emerald.
It saved the ship.
Chao!
Do you think that Rouge
is going to be okay?
Huh?
Whoa!
Who cares about that bat?
It serves her right for fluttering
around where she doesn't belong.
I'm almost done.
[Groaning]
What's wrong?
Just a little sore.
That was a tough fight.
The Metarex are totally relentless.
They keep collecting Planet Eggs.
I know they're transforming
them somehow,
but I can't figure out why.
Planet Eggs and Chaos Emeralds
all have huge amounts of power.
I bet the Metarex want to use that
energy to take over the galaxy.
How are we ever gonna defeat them?
Red Pine said there were
three other commanders
out there with armies of
Metarex ready to fight.
I don't know if we can win,
but if we give up,
the galaxy is doomed.
How could Red Pine
have been defeated?
He was almost as strong as me.
What you and Red Pine
never understood
is that strength must be balanced
with intelligence and skill.
You're far too proud of your power.
Your strength is your weakness.
You're calling me weak?
This bickering is pointless.
We should be fighting our
enemies, not each other.
We will not win this conflict
unless we are unified.
We're not fighting,
just having a difference
of opinion over tactics.
Argue if you want,
but my focus will stay on our foes,
especially on Sonic.
He is far more dangerous
than you realize.
The fact that he defeated Red
Pine is extremely disturbing.
I must learn the
secret of his speed,
and discover his weaknesses.
I will not feel at ease until that
hedgehog has been eliminated.
I'm tired of all this talking.
Why don't we go find
him and fight him now?
I will not be intimidated
by a hedgehog.
He and his fellow fighters were
weakened by their recent battle.
The powers at our command are
more than adequate to
finish off Sonic forever.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Beeping]
There's an unidentified spacecraft
directly in front of us!
Have you picked up their ID code?
They aren't sending any.
Put a visual on the main
monitor, maximum zoom.
Roger.
Is it a Metarex?
Chao chao!
[All gasp]
It's Vector.
We're not sure how
it happened exactly,
but we got lost in space.
[Laughing]
And there was no place to
stop and ask directions.
You mean you've been lost since you
delivered those packages to me?
But that was weeks ago!
Well, outer space is a big place.
Plus, our warp engine gave out,
and we didn't have any jumper
cables to restart it.
You should've sent out an S.O.S.,
and we would've picked
you up sooner.
Our transmitter got broke thanks
to a certain bumblin' bee.
It wasn't my fault.
[Sigh]
I can probably repair your ship,
but it may take some time.
And until I'm done, you'll have
to wait onboard the Blue Typhoon.
While you're stayin' here,
I don't want any trouble.
Okay? Captain's orders.
No problem.
Huh? Forget it.
I'm not gonna let
you boss me around.
Fine, then I won't fix your ship.
Huh?
Don't listen to him.
I give you my word, we'll
be on our bestest behavior.
And since you're making
repairs anyway,
why don't you install
a multi-functional
auto-navigational system?
That way, we can get home.
[Sigh] No problem.
Lunch is ready!
Huh?
Hey, where did Chris go?
He's finishing the repairs
on the Blue Typhoon for me.
I've got my hands pretty
full fixing Vector's ship.
We sure keep you busy, don't we?
Aw, it's nothin' I can't handle.
And besides, I like making repairs.
Whaddaya know!
What's going on, Vector?
Now I see why Tails didn't want
us around while he fixed our ship.
That little fox sure is foxy!
Huh?
Tails has a crush
on that green girl.
He got rid of us so that
he could be alone with her,
and I'll bet he's gonna
ask her for a date,
or invite her to take a space walk
so they can gaze at the stars.
I think you and the others have been
pushing yourselves too hard lately.
At least we have time
to take it easy now.
[Slurping]
Hmm.
This would probably be a good time
to spring my surprise on everybody.
What kind of surprise do
you have in mind, Cosmo?
I'm not going to tell you.
Look at him!
Tails is too shy and insecure to
tell that girl how much
he cares about her.
I know exactly what
that feels like!
[Crying]
I think you drank too much swamp
water when you were a baby.
Tails says he doesn't need
help fixing up our ship,
but wandering around doing nothing
while he sweats away makes
me feel like a freeloader.
I've been thinking that, since
Tails is scratching our back,
maybe we ought to scratch his back.
It's itchy?
That's just an expression!
Sorry.
We'll repay Tails
for what he's doing
by helping him win the
heart of that green gal.
We're detectives, Vector,
not matchmakers.
I've come up with a scheme I
call "Project Dame in Distress."
Here, let me tell
you how it'll work.
[Whispering]
[Laughter]
Huh? Hey, who's there?
It's me.
I'm getting bored of waiting
for my ship to get fixed.
Do you wanna play tag with me?
Hmph.
I've got more important
things to do.
Pbbbbbbbft!
Knuckles can't catch me!
Nya-na na na na na!
[Laughing]
You're gonna be sorry
you said that, buzz boy!
Aah!
Huh?
Oh...
Oof.
[Grunt] He weighs a ton!
Good work, Charmy.
Now I'll take over.
When I'm through, his own
mama won't recognize him.
You take it from here, Espio.
Right.
I hope everybody
enjoys my surprise.
Cosmo!
Aah!
I switched sides.
I'm fighting for the Metarex now.
Uhh...
I'm going to take you prisoner!
Gah! Ahh...
Resistance is useless.
The... the Metarex rule!
Uhh...
Growl, or something!
[Both growl]
[Both growl again]
This is ridiculous.
[Growls]
[Growling]
All right! Tails to the rescue!
What are you doing, Knuckles?
Cosmo?
[Both gasping]
Don't ask me.
He jumped out, said some crazy
things, and started dancing.
Huh? Knuckles, why do you have
makeup all over your face?
Huh?
[Muttering crazily]
Is that ballet?
I don't know.
Forget it, Espio! Run for it!
This isn't over yet, Cosmo!
I thought Knuckles
was always serious.
I didn't realize that he was
secretly a practical joker.
[Giggling]
Hmm.
Unfortunately, I think Knuckles
came out ahead in this round.
Yeah, if this keeps up, he's gonna
give Tails some competition.
[Both laugh]
That gravity field we fell into
really bent me out of shape!
What about me?
Are my dents almost gone?
You never had any damage.
I just enjoy striking
you with this.
Hey, look at me!
You peewees better
stay out of my way!
How did you turn into a big shot?
The gravity field must
have stretched him out.
We can fix that!
DECOE AND BOCOE: We'll
pound you down to size!
Whoa!
I like being tall!
You shrimps are just jealous
'cause you'll have to
look up to me from now on!
Can't we settle this
on a basketball court?
Well, Rouge, you got more
than you bargained for
when you stowed away on my ship.
That's an understatement.
All I wanted was
the Chaos Emeralds.
I suspected it all along.
What happened to us, anyway?
It would appear we were
swallowed up by some kind of
gravity field, and spit back out
into an unknown part of the galaxy.
You're joking, right?
It may take us a little
while to get our bearings.
With luck, we'll be able to
return to our own region of
space without too much difficulty.
I hope so.
But what'll we do
about sleepyhead here?
Shadow needs some time to recover.
He's still knocked out
because he released all his
energy before he transformed
into Super Shadow.
And now he's completely run down.
I just hope it hasn't had any
other interesting effects on him.
Could he get his memory back?
Maybe.
What happened to me, Doctor?
You passed out, but you're fine.
Did everybody else
make it out safely?
You saved us all.
Thanks to that ring on your wrist,
you overpowered our enemies.
Really?
Whoa!
Uh!
[Gasp]
Sorry.
Ah! It was my fault.
I should have looked
where I was going.
Are you okay?
I'm fine, but I'm
in a bit of a hurry.
I'll talk to you later, okay?
Huh?
Cosmo must've dropped this
when I bumped into her.
Guys, my new plan's
sure to do the trick.
I'm afraid to ask what
your plan entails.
Well, it's still a
work in progress.
Huh?
[Panting]
Where's he going?
Cosmo!
Now it won't be a surprise.
Why did you decide to throw
a party for everybody?
I know fighting the Metarex
can be exhausting,
so I thought you all deserved
to have a little bit of fun.
It's not easy to put a
party together by yourself.
Why don't you let
me give you a hand?
But you have to repair
Vector's ship.
It wasn't in bad shape.
I'm already done.
I'm all yours now.
Ha!
Then I'll take you
up on your offer.
Great! What would
you like me to do?
Let me see.
Tails is doing pretty
good on his own.
Then there's no need
for us to get involved.
Let's go.
We can't leave yet.
You're completely clueless when
in comes to this stuff, Espio.
This romance still
needs a little push.
And since I'm naturally pushy,
I'm just the one to make
sure Tails wins that girl,
game, set, and match.
Ahem!
Why, hello!
Oh, Vector!
We were passing by
when we overheard you
talking about the surprise party.
If you don't mind, we'd
like to help out, too.
Oh, thanks a lot.
I'm not so sure this
is a good idea.
We're repaying you for
fixing our ship, foxy-woxy!
All we ask is that you and
the missus remember to
invite us to the wedding.
Huh?
D'oh! Never mind.
Seeing how Tails is so shy,
I've got a hunch he
won't stay anywhere near
Cosmo while he's helping her...
[Gasp]
Uhh!
...so we're gonna stage
a bogus blackout.
That's when me and Espio
will make our move
and give love a helping hand.
After Tails and that girl stand close
to each other for a few seconds,
I guarantee the sparks
will really start flying!
We'll call it "Project
Date in the Dark!"
[Laughing]
Okay, you can help us, if
you promise to back off.
It's just as I suspected.
Hmm!
Let's move!
Okay!
[Gasp]
Aah!
Oof!
[Groaning]
[Moaning]
Are you all right?
Don't you guys know it's
dangerous to run in the dark?
Even the best plan
can blow up on ya.
[Groaning]
[Eyes fizzle like fireworks]
Are you ready to give up now?
I'm just starting to get
warmed up, old buddy.
No matter what it takes, I'm gonna
make sure that true love triumphs.
You should let their relationship
develop naturally.
My next scheme's so perfectly
plotted, it can't fail.
All I need's for you to disappear!
But Vector...
I'll do it.
Hey, Cosmo.
Do you have any more
streamers for me to put up?
Go!
Huh?
You dropped your hankie, Cosmo.
But... that's not mine.
Well, whoever this belongs
to really needs to drop it
in the washing machine.
Hey, look, something
is embroidered there.
V-E-C-T-O-R.
Vector, I think you'd better
have this thing disinfected.
Yeah, I'll do that.
I'm not gonna get involved in
any more of your hanky-panky.
I can't believe how Tails keeps
blowing the opportunities
I've given him.
For a detective, you
certainly are clueless.
It looks great, Cosmo!
I never would have finished
without your help, Tails.
I really owe you.
You don't have to thank me, Cosmo.
I like being with you.
Ah! Really? Me too, Tails.
It's been fun to work together.
We make a pretty good team.
Don't you think so?
I agree!
Well, Vector,
I'd say there's no need for
you to turn up the heat...
unless you want to
get burned again.
I guess it's true being a love detective
ain't exactly my speciality.
So our matchmaking mission
is finally over, Vector?
Not yet, Charmy.
Those two squares still need
to learn how to have a ball!
[Grunt]
Huh?
Aaah!
Cosmo!
[Clattering]
Ah!
Huh?
You weren't hurt, were you, Cosmo?
[Gasp]
I'm fine, Tails... thanks to you.
Ahh...
Huh?
Sorry.
Oh. That's okay.
Don't you have something
better to do?
ALL: No, not really.
[Laughing]
You looked like you
could use a lift.
It's lucky for me
you know how to fly.
I've been thinking...
What is it?
Uh, maybe... we could
do this more often.
Their relationship's taking off.
Time to party!
[Laughing]
Whoa! Wait 'til the
others see this!
It's amazing.
Now we have to figure out how
to get everybody in here.
What'll we do?
We'll bring all your guests
to your surprise party,
courtesy of the Chaotix
Detective Agency!
Huh!
Let me see, how can we get
the crew to the party?
For starters, we could
promise you won't be there.
Ah!
[Grumbling] If I ever run
into those clowns again...!
Huh? Ah!
Aah!
You messed up my face!
Grr! And now I'm gonna
return the favor!
Hold on. I can explain!
Grr!
[All yelling] Let's go!
Get back here!
[All yelling]
Grr!
It's payback time!
[All yelling]
Huh!
Ha!
What have you guys
been doing in here?
Cosmo wanted to do
something special for us,
so she was gonna throw
us a surprise party.
I guess it's off now.
Whoops.
Hmm...
Do you have to cancel the party?
Hmm?
Of course you don't.
We don't need any fancy
decorations to have a good time.
All that matters is we're together.
Right, Sonic.
Thanks for the party.
Great. She likes Sonic now.
It's back to square one.
[Chuckling]
[Snoring]
Hmm.
[Giggling]
Well, Sonic, what do you think?
Do you like my party dress?
You look gorgeous, Amy!
Chao chao!
I wore this dress just for you.
Now you can tell me
how pretty I look.
Ahh...
I know.
You're too stunned for words.
So there I was, flushed
down the sewer,
and with no hope of escape except
for my superior brainpower.
[Both grunt]
[All laugh]
Cosmo?
Huh? Hi, Tails.
It wasn't quite what we expected,
but the party turned out great.
I'm glad everybody is
having a good time.
Oh, yeah.
Here.
Huh?
You dropped this before.
I polished it up for ya.
[Gasp]
I hope you don't mind.
I think it's just wonderful.
Thank you so much.
I was hoping it would
make you happy.
Cosmo certainly is special.
I only wish I could
tell her how I feel.
You're so beauti--
[Yelp nervously]
It's true... The
stars are beautiful.
I'm so happy right now.
I feel like I could stand
here staring at them forever.
So do I.
[Chuckling]